=pod

=head1 NAME

Acme::require::case - Make Perl's require case-sensitive

=head1 VERSION

version 0.003

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Acme::require::case;

  use MooX::Types::Mooselike::Base; # should be 'MooseLike'

  # dies with: MooX/Types/Mooselike/Base.pm has incorrect case...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module overrides C<CORE::GLOBAL::require> to make a case-sensitive check
for its argument.  This prevents C<require foo> from loading "Foo.pm" on
case-insensitive filesystems.

To be effective, it should be loaded as early as possible, perhaps on the
command line:

    perl -MAcme::require:;case myprogram.pl

You certainly don't want to run this in production, but it might be good for
your editor's compile command, or in C<PERL5OPT> during testing.

If you're really daring you can stick it in your shell:

    export PERL5OPT=-MAcme::require::case

This module walks the filesystem checking case for every C<require>, so
it is significantly slower than the built-in C<require> function.

=for Pod::Coverage require_casely

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/acme-require-case/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/acme-require-case>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/acme-require-case.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

